Ah-hyuck!
♪ H-h-h-hit it ♪
♪ Like father, like son ♪
♪ You're always number one ♪
[both]
Yes!
♪ There's buddies
There's pals ♪
Yeah!
♪ You always seem to work things out ♪
♪ Can't you see you're two of a kind ♪
♪ Lookin' for a real good time ♪
Whoa!
♪ A real good time ♪
Aah!
♪ Report to the Goof Troop ♪
♪ And we'll always stick together ♪
♪ Always stick together ♪
♪ We're the Goof Troop ♪
♪ The best of friends forever ♪
♪ Side by side wherever we go ♪
♪ We're always ready to roll ♪
♪ Now gimme a beat ♪
♪ We're the Goof Troop ♪
♪ And we always stick together ♪
Gawrsh!
♪ We're the Goof Troop ♪
♪ The best of friends forever ♪
♪ Now we're calling everyone ♪
♪ Come along and join the fun ♪
♪ Report to the Goof Troop ♪
♪ Baa ba doo da bop baa ba doo bop ♪
Yeah!
[dogs barking]
[whistles]
"The ultra-fin laser-guided
telescopian fish-finder."
Oh, sweetheart!
And that's just where'd I'd put it!
But where am I gonna get the money?
Wait, I can sneak 100
from P.J.'s savings account,
Two hundred from Pistol's college fund,
-Two hundred from...
-[hammering]
What in tarnation?
Hey, Goof! Put a lid on it!
[laughing] Just a few more
tappy-taps, Pete!
It's a surprise tree house for Max.
[laughing]
Yeah, well, keep it down!
I'm figuring, see.
[wood creaks]
Shh...
You idiot!
What?
[Peg] Pete! Where are you?
Oh, Peg!
Oh!
Hmm. Spots fish down to 50 feet deep!
Whoa-boy! Howdy!
I could finally catch ol' steely mouth!
[Peg] Pete! I have a job for you!
Job? Humph!
Don't worry, baby!
This weekend, nothing's coming
between me and you and that old trout!
-Says who?
-[gasps]
[laughing] Pancake! I was just...
Working on your boat again!
Sometimes, I think you love it
more than me!
-[fly buzzing]
-Aww!
'Course not, snookums-wookums.
[squeaking]
All right, now listen,
I'm selling the lake house on Monday.
So I need you to fix it up this weekend!
-But, butter-knife, a whole house?
-Not alone.
I hired Dutch Spackle to help you.
Here's his fee.
Pete, promise me.
No goofing off and no boat!
Oh, you bet, love.
Uh-huh, absolutely.
[chuckling]
These are very important clients, Pete!
Promise?
You can count on me!
[kissing]
-Miss you! Love you! Bye-bye!
-Your face! Bye-bye!
-Miss you, love you! Kiss-kiss!
-Bye-bye!
Hello, aquatic doodads?
[laughing] What a beauty!
And Peg'll never know!
And 20 bucks left over!
[phone ringing]
Hi, Mommy! Daddy told me
to tell you something.
Now what was it?
Oh! "He's not working on his boat!"
That's Daddy's little girl!
[Pistol] [laughing] But he really is.
Don't tell her that!
And Daddy bought something, too!
Wanna guess? Huh? Go ahead! Go ahead!
Stop! Don't! Wait!
Nope, nope. You're totally cold.
What? Huh?
Oh, getting' warmer. Uh-huh.
Lukewarm, lukewarm.
Warmer, warmer.
Give up? Give up? He bought a...
Lamby-kins! How's your trip?
[Peg] Don't ask me how my trip is.
I wanna know about Dutch.
I wanna know if you've
cleaned that lake house?
For heaven's sake,
where's that money?
-Did you give that money to Dutch?
-Well...
Sure I gave Dutch the money!
[chuckling] You bet. He's already working!
Was just about to join him!
Good. I'll call him at the lake.
-[anchor clangs]
-No!
Honey? Honey?
All right, now tell Dutch to paint
the house peppermint pink.
-He knows the color.
-Peppermint pink. Got it.
Bye-bye, sweets. Kiss-kiss! Love.
Rats. I spent Dutch's money.
Now where am I gonna find someone
stupid enough to work for 20 bucks?
[Goofy howling]
[laughing] Well, isn't this convenient!
Great job, neighbor!
Never seen anything so professional!
-You really think so?
-It's lumber poetry!
[Goofy] Wow!
Look at this workmanship!
Just wish I had a project
that was worthy of your skills.
[laughing] Gee, thanks.
Wait a minute!
I do have an eensy-weensy bit
of a fix-up you'd be perfect for!
[laughing] I'll even pay you!
You mean a real job? For money?
Why, I'd be willing to pay 20 bucks
to get craftsmanship like this!
I'll do it!
[creaking]
[Pete] Hit the bricks, bub!
Wha... oh, hey there, oh.
[laughing]
I'm Dutch spackle and I'm,
ha-ha, your handy-man.
Well, I'm Pete, ha-ha,
-and you're fired!
-What?
Scram, pal. Your services are not needed.
Got a pro to do the job.
Hey, there! Oops!
Oh!
But your wife hired me!
Yeah, well, she ain't here,
so go fish.
As in vacate the premises!
Hey, easy with this stuff!
It's my special-blend paint-remover!
Yeah, well, we won't be needing it!
Ta-ta!
And take your tools!
[Pete laughing]
Gosh, Pete. Didn't mean to take
that fella's job.
Aw, forget it.
You're twice the pro he is!
Now, I want you to nail
those flower boxes back in,
fix that trim, repair the porch railing
-and re-hang that door!
-Um, ring the doorbell.
An' here's the paint.
Peppermint pink just like Peg wants.
Okey-dokey.
Hey, you're great! You're a genius!
Love your style!
[chuckles] OK, gonna give this
fish-finder a trial run!
[laughing] I know one steely-mouth trout
that doesn't stand a chance!
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Oh, Peg! Listen, about your husband...
I said am-scray!
And don't scare the fish.
Peg! Sweetheart! Of course,
Dutch is right here.
-[shouting]
-[Pete] And he's well on his way!
Fine. Now remember...
[shouting]
No fishing! OK?
Sugar-shins, would I break a promise?
[blowing kisses] Mm, kiss, kiss, kiss!
[laughing] What she can't see
won't hurt her.
[phone ringing]
-Hello?
-[Peg] Just checking!
Nah! She won't call again!
[starting engine]
It's ol' steely-mouth!
Right in my own backyard!
[laughing]
-[phone ringing]
-Oh, no! Peg!
[phone ringing]
I'll get it!
No! Don't answer!
[phone ringing]
I'll get it, you nincompoop!
Go back! Go back!
[laughing] Hello...
[Peg]
Who is this?
It's just me being happy, honey!
-[imitates Goofy's laugh]
-Do I hear your boat?
[stammering] Uh, no, muffin-tin,
that's Dutch's sander.
[laughing] Well, gotta get back to work!
Toodle-oo!
Get to work! And don't
touch this phone, see?
[Goofy humming]
There we go! [laughs]
Keep things nice and neat!
[humming]
Now where's that book?
[man] How to paint.
[clears throat]
Chapter one.
Dip the brush in the paint,
coating the bristles thoroughly.
Now apply the paint to the surface.
Notice how smoothly it flows on.
[Goofy] Hmm.
[man] If it flows too smoothly,
you probably need more paint!
Gosh.
Disappearing paint!
Hmm. How'd you get up there?
[man] Which brings us
to the ladder.
A good long ladder
is the painter's best friend.
Without it, he can never aspire to reach
the very heights of his profession.
[wind whistling]
Whoa!
[screaming]
Gotcha.
Whoa!
Gosh!
[man]
Now wasn't that easy?
Yup! [Chuckles]
[scatting]
That'll do it! Hey!
Doggone switch! Now stay off!
[whistling]
[yelling]
[screaming]
Phew.
Huh?
[sniffing]
[yelling]
Pete, Pete! Come quick!
There's...
Can't you see I'm busy?
I've got ol' steely mouth down there!
[stammering] But, Pete...
I said take your anchovy trap
and am-scray!
What the...
[Goofy] [yelling] Help! Fire!
Mosquitoes! Help!
Fire! Why didn't you tell me?
What do you think I was trying to do?
[engine revving]
What did you do?
Don't, Pete! That's...
Paint thinner.
I leave you alone for 15 lousy minutes...
-Now, Petey...
-[phone ringing]
Yes, dear?
[shouting] You're what?
[Peg] Coming home tomorrow!
I miss you!
Oh, good!
Bye! Kiss, kiss!
Just great! She's coming home tomorrow!
How am I gonna rebuild a garage in a day?
Don't know why
I should be such, ha-ha,
a nice guy, but here, take a look.
"Build the garage of your dreams
from a kit, in one day."
I'm saved!
Thanks, now get outta here!
Where's the cock-a-mamie kit?
Aw, don't worry, Pete.
As long as it gets here before dark.
[birds chirping]
[Pete] It's here! Let's go!
[crashing and hammering]
-[Goofy] Ouch!
-[Pete] Ow! Hey!
-[Goofy] Hand me the whoosits.
-[Pete] Not my finger! Whoa!
-[Goofy] Ow!
-[Pete] I'll just hammer this piece in...
-[Goofy] Sorry, didn't mean it.
-[Pete muttering]
[rooster crows]
[both snoring]
Get away from me, you...
Holy darn quick socks...
What have we...
[gibbering]
Oh! Um! Morning breath?
Do you wanna borrow my toothpaste?
Gosh! What happened?
They sent the wrong kit!
Hmm, maybe we can paint it pink?
Maybe we could paint it pink?
Are you out of your pink little mind?
You think anyone's stupid
enough to fall for that?
Good idea! Grab a brush!
Hurry up! Come on!
[whimpers] What's going on?
Oh, no!
[shouting] This isn't happening!
[yelling]
[phone ringing]
Hello? Pancake!
The house? Fine, beautiful,
couldn't be more perfecter!
[Peg]
Good! I'll be there in 30 minutes!
Thirty minutes?
[hysterically] Pete! Wake up!
Oh! But, petey doesn't like
green Jell-O, Mama!
Come on, Pete. Pull yourself together!
What am I gonna do?
Peg'll be here any minute.
[laughing] You sure are
in a pretty pickle!
[sobbing]
[muttering]
I'd say you deserved it,
uh-huh, for being such a jerk.
But, hey, ha-ha, since I'm not one
to hold a grudge
I know a guy owns a cottage
looks just like this one. [laughing]
Used to. Think he's looking to sell!
-Really?
-Uh-huh.
-Where?
-Over yonder!
[Pete] Why, he's right!
It's exactly alike!
I'm saved!
Hurry up! We don't act fast,
my life's not worth hot mustard!
Howdy, neighbor, I'm...
Uh...
Mm, well, hello friend!
[laughing]
[stammering]
Duh, duh, duh, duh...
That's right! Dutch spackle!
What can I do for you?
Your house! Your house!
I need your house! I'll do anything!
Hey, as I said,
I'm not one to hold a grudge.
House is yours. [laughs]
You just have to meet my price.
Deal! I'll give you any
three cars on my lot.
You name it!
Four cars?
Five?
-Six?
-Nope!
-Got my peepers on your boat!
-[gulps]
[Pete] [sobbing] Not my baby!
[laughing] Hey, it's your decision.
This is very important, Pete!
You'd better come through this time!
[sobbing]
[laughing] Good deal!
Say, I'll even throw in my dingy!
No extra charge!
[both straining]
Little more to the left...
[engine revving]
[yelling]
Hey, you nearly scratched my boat!
You paint! I'll drive!
Aye-aye, captain!
Come on! Come on!
[laughing] Keep going' at this rate
and you'll get there by next March!
[groaning]
I can't get a break!
Goofy, shut the windows!
Yikes!
Your wife have a purple car?
Sweet petunias, it's Peg!
Try this! My special-blend paint remover.
Just use a drop, its potent stuff!
[muttering] Just use a drop,
its potent stuff.
[explodes]
[yelling]
Whoa...
Oh, no!
-My fish! You got my fish!
-[laughing]
Don't lose my fish!
Pete, look out!
[both yelling]
No!
[Goofy yelling]
[tires squealing]
You rotten little...
[Peg] Pumpkin whiskers!
Oh, it looks terrific!
Oh, I'm so proud of you!
[stammering]
Aww, it was nothing!
[horn honking]
Honey, meet the buyers,
Mr. and Mrs. Sherbert!
Oh, it's perfect! Fabulous!
[whistles] All right, boys!
Level it!
You don't want the house!
Ew! Oh, positively no!
Just the land!
Cookie tin, I brought you a surprise
for doing such a great job!
It's for your boat. [giggles]
[gulps]
[sobbing]
Aw, hon...
I'm so proud of you.
[Peg laughing]
[laughing] Time's up!
You wanna go another 15 minutes?
Got another five bucks, honey-bunch?
[laughing] Daddy loves Mama.
-Love you, Daddy.
-You got that fiver on you?
-[laughing] Oh, I love you, honey.
-[horn honking]
♪ Gimme a beat ♪
[theme music playing]
Yeah!